Add Weather (#93)
myfreeweb/awesome-gtk: README.md

- [GNOME Weather](https://wiki.gnome.org/Apps/Weather) - Weather application for the GNOME desktop `#gjs` `#gnome`.
- [Nimbus](https://github.com/danrabbit/nimbus) - Minimal weather applet  `#vala` `#libhandy`.
- [Meteo](https://gitlab.com/bitseater/meteo) - Forecast application using OpenWeatherMap API `#vala`.

> - [Weather](https://github.com/amit9838/weather) - Beautiful and lightweight weather app build using Gtk4, `#libadwaita` and `#python`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Weather](https://github.com/amit9838/weather) - Lightweight weather application with dynamically changing gradient-based background according to current weather condition `#python` `#libadwaita`.
```

"Beautiful" is not objective, I suggest rather highlighting the background feature. Also the tags should be "`#python` `#libadwaita`" to fit the style used here.
